Most of my friends like to stay inside to play video games, read books or watch TV, but I have a good hobby of going outside and playing sports. I play many different sports in my free time; some of them are soccer, swimming, volleyball and basketball. Sometimes I also ride the bikes or do board skating with my cousin in the park. In my opinion, doing sport is one of the rare hobbies that actually have good impacts on me. I am taller than most of my classmates thanks to swimming and basketball lessons that I take during summer time. My muscles are even stronger than my older brother, and I can last longer than most other people in any sport competition. Sports bring me a lot of benefits, and they are also fun things to do at the same time. I love the feeling of the cool water run through my face when I am swimming, and it seems like I am flying whenever I take a dive underwater. When I play soccer, it is very exciting for me or my teammates to score a goal even though we do not take part in any tournament. Both of my physical and mental health become better after I play sports, so it can be considered as the best things to do in my free time. Sports are like a part of my life besides other activities, and I will continue to play sports till I am too weak for them. When going to school, there are many subjects; however I still like literature the most. First, literature plays an important role in both education and daily life. Literature is not limit to a subject to be learnt at school. Furthermore, this subject teaches human about several aspects of life. From the very first step, student learns to write, read as well as describe things and people. Moreover, literature teaches one to be a responsible citizen and likeable personality. Literature is more than a subject, it’s an art and it can be applied directly into life such as: journalism, editor. People are not born to learn this unique subject, it needs long time to exercise to master. Besides, when learning literature people not only know more works of art but also understand culture, tradition of each country. Literature is the mirror reflecting human and their lifestyle. Studying literature means learning the way to love and live a true life. All in all, with great benefits of literature, it is necessary for each society especially developing countries. I love a quite strange sport for everyone, and it is ping pong. Not many people in Vietnam who are interested in ping pong, and it is also hard to find a place to actually have enough equipment to play it. Ping pong, or it also known as table tennis, consists of two or four players hitting a lightweight ball back and forth on a table. The table is divided in two halves by a net, and it marks the playing zone of each team. The basic rule for amateurs is pretty simple as players need to let the ball touch their side of the table one time before bouncing back. They then hit the ball back to their opponent’s side with a small paddle, and this time the ball also need to touch the other side of the table as well. A point is counted when a player fail to return back the ball, let it touch the net, or make it land outside of the table. Since it is played on a table, so the area is not big enough for us to wait and think about the next move. Therefore, we need to play it with fast reactions and nonstop motions. We only have one second to act the next step right after hitting the ball, and it does not take much time to complete a set. In a competition, and match usually consists of five or seven sets, and the first one to score 11 points wins a set. Many people do not take this sport serious, but I think it is a very good sport to train both of our physical and mental health as we need to be tough and have quick reactions at the same time. My mother is a person I admire most. She devoted a lot of time and energy to the upbringing of my two brothers and I. Despite working hard, she always made time to teach us many useful things which are necessary and important in our later lives. Moreover, she is a good role model for me to follow. She always tries to get on well with people who live next door and help everyone when they are in difficulties, so most of them respect and love her. I admire and look up to my mother because she not only brings me up well but also stands by me and gives some help if necessary. For example, when I encounter some difficulties, she will give me some precious advice to help me solve those problems. She has a major influence on me and I hope that I will inherit some of her traits. Back in high school, the subject that I really hated was literature. I did not understand why others could write easily but I could not. Honestly, I really admired my friends because they always wrote long essays, and theirs all were full of feelings. When I look back now, I can figure out some reasons. First of all, I belonged to natural science. That was why I always got five scores for literature but maximum ones for math. The second reason was also the most critical factor that impacted negatively on my writing skill. I remember that I had to write unreal things in my essays. For instance, my teachers were not perfect but I had to describe them as angels. How could I write well when the lies always stopped my ideas? In my opinion, this was the worst teaching way because the teachers were killing students' self-expression and teaching their students how to tell lies. Fortunately, I was not good at writing, but I have never failed the exams because I always beat my brains out to finish my essays.Most of my friends like to stay inside to play video games, read books or watch TV, but I have a good hobby of going outside and playing sports. I play many different sports in my free time; some of them are soccer, swimming, volleyball and basketball. Sometimes I also ride the bikes or do board skating with my cousin in the park. In my opinion, doing sport is one of the rare hobbies that actually have good impacts on me. I am taller than most of my classmates thanks to swimming and basketball lessons that I take during summer time. My muscles are even stronger than my older brother, and I can last longer than most other people in any sport competition. Sports bring me a lot of benefits, and they are also fun things to do at the same time. I love the feeling of the cool water run through my face when I am swimming, and it seems like I am flying whenever I take a dive underwater. When I play soccer, it is very exciting for me or my teammates to score a goal even though we do not take part in any tournament. Both of my physical and mental health become better after I play sports, so it can be considered as the best things to do in my free time. Sports are like a part of my life besides other activities, and I will continue to play sports till I am too weak for them. When going to school, there are many subjects; however I still like literature the most. First, literature plays an important role in both education and daily life. Literature is not limit to a subject to be learnt at school. Furthermore, this subject teaches human about several aspects of life. From the very first step, student learns to write, read as well as describe things and people. Moreover, literature teaches one to be a responsible citizen and likeable personality. Literature is more than a subject, it’s an art and it can be applied directly into life such as: journalism, editor. People are not born to learn this unique subject, it needs long time to exercise to master. Besides, when learning literature people not only know more works of art but also understand culture, tradition of each country. Literature is the mirror reflecting human and their lifestyle. Studying literature means learning the way to love and live a true life. All in all, with great benefits of literature, it is necessary for each society especially developing countries.I love a quite strange sport for everyone, and it is ping pong. Not many people in Vietnam who are interested in ping pong, and it is also hard to find a place to actually have enough equipment to play it. Ping pong, or it also known as table tennis, consists of two or four players hitting a lightweight ball back and forth on a table. The table is divided in two halves by a net, and it marks the playing zone of each team. The basic rule for amateurs is pretty simple as players need to let the ball touch their side of the table one time before bouncing back. They then hit the ball back to their opponent’s side with a small paddle, and this time the ball also need to touch the other side of the table as well. A point is counted when a player fail to return back the ball, let it touch the net, or make it land outside of the table. Since it is played on a table, so the area is not big enough for us to wait and think about the next move. Therefore, we need to play it with fast reactions and nonstop motions. We only have one second to act the next step right after hitting the ball, and it does not take much time to complete a set. In a competition, and match usually consists of five or seven sets, and the first one to score 11 points wins a set. A point is counted when a player fail to return back the ball, let it touch the net, or make it land outside of the table. Since it is played on a table, so the area is not big enough for us to wait and think about the next move. Therefore, we need to play it with fast reactions and nonstop motions. We only have one second to act the next step right after hitting the ball, and it does not take much time to complete a set. In a competition, and match usually consists of five or seven sets, and the first one to score 11 points wins a set. A point is counted when a player fail to return back the ball, let it touch the net, or make it land outside of the table. Since it is played on a table, so the area is not big enough for us to wait and think about the next move. Therefore, we need to play it with fast reactions and nonstop motions. A point is counted when a player fail to return back the ball, let it touch the net, or make it land outside of the table. Since it is played on a table, so the area is not big enough for us to wait and think about the next move.